hey with some cases per ear and I'm back
with some awesome Hunger Games or
survival games and we already started so
I was like I'll do something else I'll
do some highlights or whatever and I
started over there managed to find this
sword and then I think there is
something on top of this tree if I'm
even able to get up here oh wait let me
let me see if I cannot get up get up
this tree and there should be something
on the bed s tree that really paid
alright alright so let's do this I know
it can break the lease and that's the
only thing you can break and this server
there's nothing over here
damn you so let's go over here let's
jump down umm I managed to find a sword
and some boots and some golden apples
let's get up here and start climbing
such climbing ramp climb but we need a
flame this is like Mark or everywhere
I've never played this map but I think
it looks pretty nice my first impression
man screw this I'm just gonna gonna go
to the land in teleport people RINs
there's someone over there and they have
no sword and now I do have it sword so
let's damn give me that chicken
give me that chicky no I'm I I like
fried chicken man I like fried chicken
hey hey sir no no no safe don't worry
don't worry sir I won't kill you I'm
just gonna stand there I'm just gonna
don't worry sir I don't kill you don't
worry don't worry man
I'm gonna kill you I just want to play I
just want to I just want to play man I
just want to have you I just want to
with you I just want to help you man
stop it stop it stop it and save you can
trust me man
you can trust me I got some cookies for
you I gotta call it Napa for you for me
Sun Sun rice Kurt Oh get back here
I'm not going to harass you I mean I'm
not going to hurt you get back here
silly I said play with me lay with me
I'll case stop it stop it dude he's like
still running man I'm leavin shouting to
him that means only one solution sorry
bro but I will have to I will have to
finish this I told you I don't want to
do this I told him man I don't want to
do this but I had to I couldn't resist I
don't know maybe something over you oh I
got the pumpkin pie and if it's a golden
apple and a guy in my back no I don't
have a guy in my back that sense dude
anything up here let's go up here and
see if we can find anything so that's
what I'm going to do from the out I'm
just going to be friends with people all
there's our Park door over here this is
going to be intense guys this is going
to be intense
I've been practicing my parkour skills
like lately so it should be I could have
thrown arrows animal that's definitely
be fun to her damn we're gonna know um
oh oh I'm not going to die when I fall
down did or BAM yeah that's a more stuff
eat this okay so how do I get down
yep Oh rubble doing the parkour grubbles
doing that part cool oh now it's closed
now his legs got in and readily rush in
a heartbeat zesty double heart beat this
guy I sniped him there's a guy in the
back over there you guys see him damn it
let's see
let's see how we're going to approach
this the natural instinct from the
predator is to sneak up his enemy from
behind and then stab him in the back
it's like National Geographic couple
cops territory
he's pretty extended expending outside
of his normal habitat and let's take
this dude man let's take him
this is be friends man let's be friends
he doesn't have his audio on man
take him take him take him take him take
him take him take him take him take him
oh yeah don't know I don't wait to go in
no I don't want to go here so that's
only five people left somebody's gonna
go up here see if I can is there any way
in her to get you wait you have to do it
like this man you have to do it like
this BAM wait let's do it again
BAM no lizard again man ah zoo didn't
know come on gonna stand up no come on
man come on it's like over here ah I
have to practice this the practices come
on ah this isn't winged since you have
to if you run out and then twist flip in
hell there's an easier way why didn't I
think of this Oh fool you quibble sorry
sorry about that there's this pretty
stupid stupid oh I thought you know I
thought I I'm thinking too complicated
20 minutes until the death match starts
twenty twenty twenty minutes to the tick
tick tick tick that I did that day today
today I'm climbing up this water and
there's probably nothing upstairs
tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick
tick tick what's that
I just came from that but I didn't check
the area all days an enchantment table
over here too bad I can't in JAMA since
I don't have any levels
let's see no sorry it's like step see
you couple you don't have any XP so
let's see if we have anything over here
let's see if we have anything up here
there should be something up here
I hope so otherwise it would have been a
waste of my time
maybe on the back maybe on the back Tim
- Tim - Tim - Tim - Tim just like you
can walk into his head oh dude is
someone already looted its food this
game man no I died man I don't know why
did this happen why does this always
happen to me when we're doing so good
man
I know it wasn't even that high man damn
it that's bad guys chicken inside of it
that's bad I just fell from this pit and
I died oh well guys have to end the
episode over here so if you like this
bit where I do like every highlight or
whatever this videos edited like that
make sure to LIKE the video also post it
in comments and for all the people I
can't pick up this stuff again and also
if you really enjoyed this episode make
sure to like it because that helps out a
lot only takes a half a second to do it
so gave you watch until this part don't
forget to like the video and I'll see
you guys tomorrow bye bye